End systems are connected together by a network of communication links and  packet switches. We’ll see in Section 1.2 that there are many types of communication links, which are made up of different types of physical media, including coaxial  cable, copper wire, optical fiber, and radio spectrum. Different links can transmit  data at different rates, with the transmission rate of a link measured in bits/second.  When one end system has data to send to another end system, the sending end system  segments the data and adds header bytes to each segment. The resulting packages  of information, known as packets in the jargon of computer networks, are then sent  through the network to the destination end system, where they are reassembled into  the original data. A packet switch takes a packet arriving on one of its incoming communication  links and forwards that packet on one of its outgoing communication links. Packet  switches come in many shapes and flavors, but the two most prominent types in  today’s Internet are routers and link-layer switches. Both types of switches forward  packets toward their ultimate destinations. Link-layer switches are typically used in  access networks, while routers are typically used in the network core. The sequence  of communication links and packet switches traversed by a packet from the sending end system to the receiving end system is known as a route or path through  the network. Cisco predicts annual global IP traffic will reach nearly five zettabytes  (1021 bytes) by 2022 [Cisco VNI 2020]. Packet-switched networks (which transport packets) are in many ways  similar to transportation networks of highways, roads, and intersections (which  transport vehicles). Consider, for example, a factory that needs to move a large  amount of cargo to some destination warehouse located thousands of kilometers  away. At the factory, the cargo is segmented and loaded into a fleet of trucks.  Each of the trucks then independently travels through the network of highways,  roads, and intersections to the destination warehouse. At the destination warehouse, the cargo is unloaded and grouped with the rest of the cargo arriving  from the same shipment. Thus, in many ways, packets are analogous to trucks,  communication links are analogous to highways and roads, packet switches are  analogous to intersections, and end systems are analogous to buildings. Just as  a truck takes a path through the transportation network, a packet takes a path  through a computer network. End systems access the Internet through Internet Service Providers (ISPs),  including residential ISPs such as local cable or telephone companies; corporate ISPs; university ISPs; ISPs that provide WiFi access in airports, hotels, coffee shops, and other public places; and cellular data ISPs, providing mobile access  to our  smartphones and other devices. Each ISP is in itself a network of packet  switches and communication links. ISPs provide a variety of types of network access  to the end systems, including residential broadband access such as cable modem  or DSL, high-speed local area network access, and mobile wireless access. ISPs  also  provide  Internet access to content providers, connecting servers directly to  the  Internet. The Internet is all about connecting end systems to each other, so the  